Document catalog structure (#68)
MiSArch/docs: docs/docs/dev-manuals/services/catalog.mdx

## API

The service provides a GraphQL API, which is documented in the [GraphQL API documentation](/docs/graphql/catalog).

## Technology Stack

- **Language**: Kotlin
- **Framework**: Spring Boot
- **GraphQL Library**: GraphQL Kotlin
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **Schema Management**: Flyway

## Repository Structure

The repository is structured as follows:

<div className="repository-structure" >

- `/src/main/`: Source code of the service
  - `kotlin/org/misarch/catalog/`: Kotlin source code
    - `event/`: Dapr event handling
      - `model/`: Event DTOs
    - `graphql/`: GraphQL API
      - `dataloader/`: Data loaders for efficient data fetching
      - `federation/`: Apollo Federation entitiy resolvers
      - `input/`: Input types for mutations
      - `model/`: GraphQL types
        - `connection/`: Connection types and logic for paginated queries
    - `persistance/`: Database entities and repositories
      - `model/`: R2DBC entities
      - `repository/`: Spring Data R2DBC repositories
    - `service/`: Service logic
  - `resources/`: Spring Boot application configuration and SQL schema migration files
    - `db/migration/`: Flyway SQL schema migration files

</div>

> ## Defined Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Events
```

Author: I don't really get this change.
Defined event means that this service has the authority over the schema of the event.
This is also communicated by the topic starting with the name of the service.

Reviewer: Yes, I'm simply arguing that this `defined` is redundant, after all which other events could you mean?
But yes, if you want to keep this technicality no one except you knows about, then okay.

Author: the other events are the events defined by other services this service uses in some way, thus I leave it like that

> This section lists events that are defined by the catalog service and can be used by other services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section lists events that are used by the catalog service or emitted for consumption by other services.
```

Author: See https://github.com/MiSArch/docs/pull/68/files/fd56ef0306c06cc67612d71a15d73c429a66376e#r1493047574
Maybe we need to make clearer that this service "owns" the events in this section?

Reviewer: Yes, certainly.
In general, we need to document your definition of event owning, since IIRC it differs from my intuitive definition.

> ### Published Defined Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Published Events
```

#### catalog/product/created

This event is published when a new product is created.

```js
{
  "id": "string",
  "internalName": "string",
  "isPubliclyVisible": "boolean",
  "defaultVariantId": "string"
}
```

#### catalog/product-variant/created

This event is published when a new product variant is created.
This includes the default variant created when a product is created.

```js
{
  "id": "string",
  "productId": "string",
  "currentVersionId": "string",
  "isPubliclyVisible": "boolean"
}
```

#### catalog/product-variant-version/created

This event is published when a new product variant version is created.
This includes the initial version created when a product variant is created.

```js
{
  "id": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "version": "number",
  "retailPrice": "number",
  "createdAt": "string",
  "canBeReturnedForDays": "number | undefined",
  "productVariantId": "string"
}
```

> ### Subscribed Defined Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Subscribed Events
```
